If you’re from the annexe I hope you get arse raped by a giraffe

To the dude always reacting to comments you're not tagged in. Stop trying to scrape in.

It's actually surprising how much you miss education after you've left. My main focus was always on the academics which meant i sometimes neglected socialising or participating in clubs. I've now graduated with a good degree from a top uni, have a high paying job in a position I'm happy with but it all feels a bit empty.

I never made the lifelong friends they say you will at uni and just assumed life will be better afterwards with money and success. Also, the fact that there was a much better chance of getting into a relationship at Imperial than there is now is quite depressing. But hey, at least I have a shit tonne of money and meaningless tinder dates

Keep partying kids, adult life isn't all that glamorous

I wish my friends would stop getting depressed about stupid shit that doesn’t matter, please stop.

Prostitution at De Wallen really helps fighting depression.

This page depressed me sometimes.. the number of casually racist/sexist/homophobic/etc posts is just incredible, and we're supposedly the educated part of society.

I’m slowly running out of reasons to not kill myself and I’m scared...

Anyone else suffer from anxiety and/or depression?

Just wanna know how many others are out there. Make a secret in response if you want.

Seems like the red-haired feminazi stopped visiting this page and the admins stopped being overly politically correct. But being a true scientist I have to test my theory:
SUICIDE, SUICIDE, SUICIDE

I have depression and I understand how you feel, especially because I’ve felt so bad that I really couldn’t imagine it getting any worse. Psychotherapy really helps, so I suggest talking to your GP. They are used to dealing with this and can always prescribe you medication if they believe it would benefit you. Don’t wait till it gets better on its own, because the truth is - it won’t. You need to seek help from others!

Uni really isn’t what I thought it would be. I work so hard to barely  scrape average grades and I’m pretty lonely. All the friendships I have here seem almost fleeting and out of convenience, and to top it off I’m not even really friends with my housemates.
I’m part of a wide circle of friends, I play and go out a lot with my sports club, and I’m generally an outgoing person. You wouldn’t guess that I hated it here unless you asked me.
I know that Imperial is a good uni and has a great reputation but is it really worth it?
Is anyone else in the same situation/has any advice?

If the lab reports don’t make me kill myself, the chemicals in labs will kill me anyway.

This bi guy I like has an on/off boyfriend. Should I still ask him out? I want his cummies 😭😔

I've recently run into financial troubles, and have no idea how to solve it... I'm not rich, not too poor either, but can't just beg my parents for the extra money. The idea of having to change my lifestyle scares me (I've become too used to the way I live). I haven't been excessively spending or anything like that, just splashing on small bits and pieces - it was quite fun initially, but now accumulated and got more serious.
How can I earn money quickly? (it's not even that much - not more than £1000)

try and speak to anyone in the library. You will receive a look like you've raped their sister. oh Imperial...

Even the coffee machines are starting to sound depressed when you wake them up...slow agonising groans as the meagre drips of lukewarm "coffee" are served begrudgingly.

In all seriousness though, can central library buy hammocks/beanbags or something so people can take emergency naps?

Any tips on managing stress/depression/anxiety? I start therapy in six weeks so I need some solutions till then. 🙂

P.S. Please post this - I'm definitely not suicidal.

Really not very low. Unless you have worked as either a warden or sub warden you really are in no place to talk about how much work they do, especially in relation to often confidential pastoral duties.

Quite frankly put, without the work that wardening teams do on a daily basis the welfare of the student body would suffer massively, and it is very likely that the thankfully rare yet tragic cases of suicides amongst those living in halls would increase in frequency.

It may not be obvious to you but the wardens themselves provide invaluable support to sub-wardens, they provide experience, and advice that makes the stressful task of looking after a large group of people often living away from home for the first time manageable.

With respect to rent, the cost (in time and stress) pretty much cancels out any benefits.

Rant over.

Dear JP,
I just baked you a finger pie, why don't you cum and taste it?
Love, your secret slut

Anyone who has an abortion or supports the process directly should face harsh punishment, except in the case of rape, and I'm not perfectly sure about that either. These are my views. Discuss.
Please answer in a response secret and not in the comments so we can say what we really want to.

Yah I feel the exact same constantly, that absolutely no one likes me it really makes life depressing

Vanilla people using London slang gives me crippling depression

Things not to say to someone with depression #1
"you know the reason people don't share their stuff with you as much as you do with them is because YOU JUST HAVE MORE PROBLEMS"
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Srsly tho plz stop

Literally cannot agree with you more. Labour would thrive under the perfect/ideal circumstances, but they never encounter that the world is more realistic than ever. Get your leftie heads out of your arse and take a look at the bigger picture you wanker. I can’t wait for the NHS to get fucked over by conservative and start reforms, at least that’s better than Labour fucking up the whole country.
I know the conservatives are a bunch of selfish twats, but at least they’ll make the country rich (even if it means some suffering for a few people, again, bigger picture).
“Oh yeah, Jeremy said free tuition, let’s vote for him, who cares if he ACTUALLY has the money, duhhhhh.”
Btw, I came from a working class family. And I for one, think that this country has too much pride in her to admit the fact the British empire days are over.

"I, Riccardo Pierre am sorry for throwing up in an Uber on the way back from the club, and having to let my friend Bastian Shi (actually called Yuxin or some shit) pay an extra £110 for the cleaning costs, which is bullshit because it does not take £110 to scrape a bit of vomit out of the back seats of a Toyota Prius. I will never down 14 shots in the club again."

Is it worth the effort grafting? why not just scrape by

Cycling through different levels of depression because its her birthday

Mental health is a myth. If you're feeling depressed or stressed out by your course maybe you're just not good enough to be here lol.

I like to constantly talk about girls so under no circumstances whatsoever there is contention over my sexuality. I AM 100% STRAIGHT OK?

An objective look at Imperial and how to improve it (please go to TL:DR a sudo- lab report on what I think of Imperial)-
Sorry First time posting noob.  A hateful person view at how to improve Imperial-
A biased argument
To better improve one’s environment, one must first improve the social circumstances of that environment.  I think Imperial is no longer a place that reasonable argument can be had.  I think that in part that comes about on an Imperial student’s instinctive nature to rely on social media to have debate and have an argument, this allows for desensitization to occur to someone who equally can happily rationalise your arguments as well as your own, but equally understands that change comes through action.  How can we immediately set about improving that situation for students?  (I see Imperial Secrets as more a vestige of the logical negative manifestations that are allowed to propagate at this university.  What we know as students is that healthy discussion needs to take place, but to do that students often need good intentions.

I argue that we as students are no longer able to emotionally, rationally discuss topics of welfare, social behaviour and the detrimental effects of 'group' behaviours on community spirit without ourselves feeling in some way victimised.  The reason why I see that is there are a lot of students simmering with discontent throughout university, (these are on a range of issues that will become apparent [Race, Religion, Gender, Economic Factors, Housing etc.]).  If you spend more than about 20 minutes scrolling through Imperial Secrets you can see this.  There are also some amongst us who may or may not hold more authoritarian views- my opinion on these views are that they are a result of frustrations at injustice that go not unpunished but unchanged, we need a healthy medium for debate.  The issue with Imperial comes with how it is run too, we at our heart are an international university, and I certainly feel that particularly because we are a university with a substantial amount of interests both commercially and internationally (it is in our interest that Imperial relies heavily on International students [as well as their fees]).  Please infer nothing racial from that.  We perhaps, are required, for this place to operate in a way that enables actual positive learning for its students to give students more of a platform for views, but perhaps mediate more.  My heart says this is true, as we are past the point of mediation, my head says if I put my head down and ignore the root cause of the problems I can succeed, but that second part is an atypical male response.  That perhaps stems from the fact that microcosms of culture can exist very easily at Imperial.  I for one don't think that any one students society, gender, person, culture is to blame for its inherent problems, nor any lecturers (they're people too).

I believe this stems almost from a lack of proper discourse, and a genuine lack of ability to create a network of students to actually be able to action an real change.  Look how long it took to get AC in the Library, look at what used to exist in Albertopolis originally in place of the central libray (google it), look what used to exist in place of the CGCU and the RCSU as well.  It was a Victorians idea of what a British university should be.  Did it get dismantled? Are we seeing parallels today with a new campus?

I would also go further by saying this, I believe our British universities attract all the fringes of society and they must to exist, but in order to do that they have to adequately foster discussion, but in order to do that they need to act in a unified form to tackle student and lecturer.  Chicken and Egg.

Unfortunately, I think economic status must also be considered.  I'm sad seeing friends on scholarships from other countries being unable to continue.  I’m sad that fees have increased, I’m sad that living costs for students are being further squeezed.  Perhaps the reason that Imperial cannot care about students, as well anymore is due to the fact we as students never really have had enough help to gain a voice.  Perhaps Imperial needs just to downsize overall student size, become a normal university, introduce the classics, such as Philosophy, History, and perhaps emulate Oxbridge more?  Perhaps in London that is impossible?  Would it help humanise the university?  Ask ourselves why it might be necessary to do so and ask are some issues at Imperial now becoming a societal problem as opposed to a problem of more 'culture and group mentality'.

The only way I can see Imperial improving is through mediated recorded debate like panopto with questions and distinct dates.  It sadly must be mediated because I feel like people would vent frustrations in the worst way, like IC secrets.  This would give students and lecturers all the ability to watch and ask the very hardest questions that face our university- (that or perhaps we follow in the example of how lecturers behave by striking- (we procrastinate enough).  As I know that often strikes can be an option for people, whether you believe that to be right or not is up to you.  What can we change to overcome that people feel the need to strike?  I think we at Imperial are a manifestation of our own agreeableness- either have a debate, or at the very least get involved in a society.  Don’t let your own future ambitions degrade a society, and understand that people at Imperial are generally either unkind or apathetic whether through nature or nurture.  With that knowledge promote change?  Don't be apathetic?

That girl who's always there to help people's suicidal and depression posts... you are stunning. Please be mine, please. love you too much <3 <3


stop the "editors notes" please removes the integrity of this page thanks

Admin's Note: how does it remove integrity if it's just tacked on and not actually part of the secret? that's the whole point of an "editor's note" - it's not part of the secret





my neighbour got a ukulele and now he thinks he's Jimi Hendrix just cause he's brown... he only knows one chord😡

uni is a trap. i was way too young and immature when i started at imperial 3 years ago and i just didnt have the life experience to see it through. i simply did not have the life experience to become a successful university student. 
the biggest regret of my life is not taking a gap year. i thoroughly encourage any person wanting to go to uni at 18 to take a gap year. you need to learn what life is truly about!

imperial underground society is the best 🎉🎉 Feel free to find Jer Jer for more detail

I haven't changed my sheets since before Christmas and have shagged a bunch of guys (& girls) since. Is this normal?

Have a vague memory of submitting a few secrets drunk, no idea what they were, now waiting for them to be posted with mounting anxiety

Why does no one here have a good beard? 😭

I don't get why DoCSoc allows people to simply buy the membership. It's clear that all the scum from other departments buy it because they want free drinks at our bar nights. At the very least the candidates should be required to complete a coding challenge. I don't want to drink free alcohol with people who cannot even code merge sort in python, which btw is like the easiest thing ever.

Has anyone taken antidepressants before? Do they help ? 

I like this page because it makes me realise I’m not the only one who thinks nearly everyone in this uni is a scumbag and all my “friends” here are twofaced cunts ;) can’t wait to leave

Disappoints me when someone who is genuinely in mental discomfort or having a hard time posts a secret about anxiety or depression and some people think it's funny to tag their friends in the comments as if it's a big joke.

There is using humour as a coping mechanism or relating to a post, and then there is open ridicule of someone. These people who need help are reading the comments on their post and seeing everyone take the piss?

Are we that detached from reality that we don't care about each other anymore?

Gabor Confessions - Reloaded, is a new up and coming page - go like it  and send in some juicy confessions with this link
https://goo.gl/forms/G13S4aOqeaslSA3P2

How to get a girlfriend 101: contrary to popular belief, do not under any circumstance 'be yourself', especially if you're at imperial. DO smoke because that's cool. If all else fails make sure they are made aware of the concealed blade you are carrying. Good luck lads and lesbians&co.

Something about me being lonely and the imperial ratio. Pls give me pity likes.

RD is sooooo skinny and has an amazing body. Teach me your ways pls 

Who the fuck are the editors and what makes them think they have the right to edit onto the end of our posts? Drop the facade and return to brainlessly churning out our secrets untouched like the mediocre social platform that you are.... 

Who the fuck are the editors and what makes them think they have the right to edit onto the end of our posts? Drop the facade and return to brainlessly churning out our secrets untouched like the mediocre social platform that you are.... 

Nearly there. Just need one last push. Push me over the edge please. 

That Romanian guy with classes seems like a nice guy but a bit of a creep...

Why do I feel so shit all the time lol? Physically, mentally, emotionally... I’m just holed up in my room mostly nowadays anyway. No one would even know if something were to happen to me 😔

Not trying to trivialise women’s issues or anything but are there actually any women out there that care about men’s issues? Cause most of the ones I’ve talked to about this deny men even have any issues  :(

I love Smash Bros as much as the next guy, but if the new game being made for the Nintendo Switch doesn’t include EVERY SINGLE ONE of these characters, then it is 100% going to be trash. Obviously, I’ll still buy a Switch so I can play it and find out. I actually own the Switch already but I’ll buy one that’s just for Smash Bros.

Anyway, here’s the list:

Goku
The Cast Of The Jersey Shore
Buster Bunny from Tiny Toons
A Pokémon Snap Station
All Sonic OC Characters
Goku
The Elusive Bigfoot
Claire Danes circa My So Called Life
Alex Jones
Eggplant Emoji
Steve Jobs Played By Ashton Kutcher
That alien robot Dr Wiley turns into
Berenstein Bears (alt skin for Berenstain Bears)
For some reason, a car
Young Jerry Seinfeld
Metta World Peace Knight
Ray Man
Billy Mays
The Mighty Sarlacc (playable character AND stage)
Waluigi (circumcised skin)
Arsenio Hall
Harambe
God
Goku
The End of Racism (we apologise in advance that this character cannot be selected)
Good Eats era & Cutthroat Kitchen era Alton Brown
Zelda from Pet Cemetery
Goku
Erectile Dysfunction Luigi
Sonic
Chad Muska from Tony Hawks Underground 1
Dave Grohl
Goku
Mads Mikkelsen and Hideo Kojima
M’Baku
Samurai Jack
Error from Legend of Zelda: Adventure of Link
None of the Joestars
The Crying Indian From Those Recycling Ads
Bugs Bunny Dressed as a Girl Bunny
Geriatric Luigi
FDR in a mech suit
Goku
Former Daily Show Host Craig Kilborn
Unlockable Character Silhouette
That glitch where you can see Samus naked if you shock her with pikachu and pause at the exact right time
Horny Single Women In Your Area Looking To Fuck
The Letter H
Goku
CNN’s Wolf Blitzer
A human centipede
Link with a Gun
Anthony Scaramucci
That Same Homeless Guy You Always See On Your Commute To Work
Walter White
The Illuminati
Goku
Jar Jar Binks
Drake’s father
Honey Smacks mascot
Hurricane Katrina
Noam Chomsky
He Hate Me
Solid Snake
Jessica Rabbit
Sheeva with four tits
Reunited R.E.M.
Senator Armstrong in a Red Baseball Cap
Barack Obama
Mrs. Game and Watch
The Person You Lost Your Virginity To
The nice guy at the deli who knows what you want before you order it which really helps to make your neighborhood feel like a community
Noctis Lucis Caelum
The Main Soldier and the Main Creature from Small Soldiers
Halo
The Italian BMT now $5 at Subway
Both of the Moms from Fresh Prince
Busty flower from conker’s bad fur day
Goku
Kenan Thompson
Final smash: NUNCHUCKS
Hitler, but Like, Not in an Offensive Way
Ty Pennington for Guaranteed Rates
Old AIM Account
G-String Samus
The Cast of The Breakfast Club
That One Gringotts Goblin That Borders On Anti-Semitism
Left paddle from pong
Mario But With Pancake Nipples
Unsold DVDs of the movie Pixels
The physical manifestation of the three-fifths compromise
Joe Valentino From Great Neck Nissan
Mike Ditka
Eddie Murphy
Eric Garland (final smash: Game Theory)
Pinky and the brain
Vectorman
Steve Buscemi
Jean Claude Van Damme’s Character From Bloodsport
Vice Reporter
Bob from Reboot
Wario without a skeleton
The 1989 New York Knicks
Zelda (the boy)
The White Guy In The Roots
Bananaman
Vacation Jason
Some Minor Character From Final Fantasy That Everyone Fuckin Loves For No Reason
Ethical Consumption Under Capitalism
The Boss Baby
The Paperclip From MS Word
Yung Linc
The General from those insurance commercials
The Baby Dinosaur From the Show Dinosaurs
Bob Ross’ 2″ Blender Brush
Goku
Master hand’s wacky cousin crazy foot
A Child Soldier (sad, right?)
The hand coming out of the toilet that needs toilet paper in Majoras Mask
might as well include van hammersly while we’re at it
The “do not blow” warning on the cartridge
Fleeting Happiness
Goku
Tetris Blocks
Afroman
Fox
Angry Sun from World 2 Desert in Super Mario Bros. 3
A fidget spinner
A Five String Fretless Bass
Ben Carson during REM sleep
Stephen King When He Was Addicted To Cocaine
Ridley
GAME GENIE
The entire polyphonic spree
Arwing That Just Keeps Doing A Barrel Roll
Rick & Morty From Rick & Morty
Whatever is Making That Weird Noise When You Hold Z as You Start Up Your Gamecube
A random baby
Lou Albano Mario
The housekeeper that always has to vacuum right in front of the TV while we’re playing
Kevin Smith in an ill fitting batman suit
Spock
Cooking Dada (alt costume for Cooking Mama)
Dad’s character stuck in a corner
Sean Penn
The Front Bottoms
Megan Fox’s Thumbs
Ruth Bader Ginsberg
The biggest, blackest dick
Seth McFarlane (skin for Todd McFarlane)
Robert Mueller
No Items
Lootbox
Splatoon
A Guy On a Segway
Brian Deegan
Broodals
Dune Sandworm (assist trophy)
Serpico
Only one ice climber
Yoshi
Andross’s Brain
Goku
Mary Sue
Dan Harmon
Arthur from the movie Arthur starring Dudley Moore
Pontius Pilate
Norm Abram of The New Yankee Workshop
Marc Maron (his moves are all just talking at you before you get a chance to do anything)
Clippy
Alt: Mario’s Mushroom Dealer
Kirk Van Houten’s representation of Dignity
Biker Mice From Mars
A Dusty Rock Band Drum Set
Goth from the Goth Rave Video
Wakko from Final Fantasy X
Phil Spencer in a blazer
Steven Tyler circa Permanent Vacation
Dr. McStuffins
My Uncle Who Works For Nintendo
Lorne Michaels
Wiimote
Anne Coulter’s Conscience
Maynard James Keenan
Friend’s N64 controller that’s sticky and you’re not sure why
Potsy from Happy Days
Jon Bon Jovi
Florida Man
Detective Pikachu With Danny Devito’s Voice
Not Goku
Dennis from It’s Always Sunny
Sakurai
Christopher Plummer
Tim The Toolman Taylor
Sex Fox (Robin Hood but we just call him sex fox)
John Waters
Bob the Tomato
Bayonetta, but it’s a person covered in bayonettes
The Kenyan Gundam from G Gundam
Berenstain Bears
Nick Rutherford from Good Neighbor Stuff a.k.a. the one who didn’t get on SNL
Jared Before The Weight Loss But After The Pedophilia
Stalin in a Mario Outfit
Archivist Toadette
Invisible John Cena
MechaSheeva
7/8 Nurse Joys
Goku
Some fine people on both sides
Louis Farrakhan
The /r/gaming Reddit Mod
A Cease and Desist Order From The Makers Of Tekken
A Monster from an Alesana or Bring Me the Horizon or whatever Shirt
A Baseball Player from the Baseball Episode of Samurai Champloo
Goku
The Justice League Snyder Cut
Kevin Nealon
Katt, the hot girl fox from Starfox 64
The Cast of Hamilton
IT
The Prophet Muhammad
The Avatar of Empty Nostalgia
The Realization That Your Parents Have Had Sex Before and They Could Be Doing It Right Now
RL Stine
Dan Hibiki
Nude Waluigi Wearing Only Sunglasses
The Noid
Emma Goldman in a mech suit
The Song “Accidental Racist”
Kramer
Bubsy
John Madden
Lawrence Krauss
Terry Gross
S-tier Pichu
Dana/Zuul
That fuckable rabbit from Space Jam
Eater X
Paul Blart
Sora
Modern Metallica
2 Suit Samus
Henry Rollins from the Def Jam video game
Goku
The Cast Of Pawn Stars
Goku
Bowser and Peach’s Horrific Love Child
Pepsiman
Temba, his arms wide
A refurbished Wii U
Young Sheldon
Blue from blues clues
The Ever-Changing Concept of American Whiteness
Goku
Action Bronson
Scorpius from Farscape
Masturbating Louis CK
Todd Mcfarlane
George Lucas
Manic Charlie Sheen
A BOSS Metal Zone
Ice climbers fused with pichu
Spike from Cowboy Bebop
Every Wu-Tang Clan Member Except U-God
Due Process
American Badass Undertaker
Agumon
Reba as Colonel Sanders
Master Chief
Mario Lopez
Fat Bam Margera
Parker from Gold Rush Alaska
Helen from HR
Goku
Executive Producer Dick Wolf
Carey Elwes ‘The Claw’ from Liar Liar the Jim Carrey Movie
Paul Ryan’s Spine
Goomba Who Has Been Training All His Life To Avenge His Squished Parents
Drunk Tony Stark
Elliott Ness
Scott Ian
Michael Vick
Farm Raised Pikachu
HR Giger
Porgs
Dante and Randall
Goku
The Last Samurai
The FBI
Goku
Flavor Flav’s Clock
The Pod Save America Crew
The Italian Aliens from Star Wars The Last Jedi
Tom Holland Spider-Man
Goku
Abobo
Jill Stein
Vince McMahon
An Inanimate, Empty Tanooki Suit
John Carpenter
Waluigi’s Foreskin
Death Grips
Wakka
Mansplainer
Mario on Wrong Kind of Mushrooms
Chicago Police Officer’s Mustache
Michael Jordan
The Dude Who Milks The Cow in the 1 2 Switch commercial
My Waifu
Loot Boxes
the personification of your uncle’s racist anti-Obama rant
Time’s Person of The Year: You
Mario, But After He Divorces Princess Peach And Gains 30 Pounds
Common
Naked Raiden from MGS
Ernest P Worrell
Young Shia LeBeouf
Missingno
Violent J
Lionel Hutz
Biggie
Ghost Pepper Hot Wings
King Eeeeee
Paul Rudd in that Nintendo commercial
Ayatollah Khomeini
Garfunkle
Goku
Billy Mitchell
The Beastie Boys
Anita Sarkeesian
Edd, but not Ed or Eddy
The pinching your face guy from Kids In The Hall
Nintendog the Bounty Hunter
Goku
Dave, but his mom grounded him from video games for a month
Cooking Mama
Shia LeBoef
Leisure Suit Larry
Goku
Steven
Hard Tim
Fred Durst with red hat!
The Broken iPod I’m Too Nostalgic To Get Rid Of
Seasonal Affective Disorder
The Demiurge
Tupac Hologram
Metal King Dedede
Jack Ryan: Shadow Recruit
Odysseus
Fabio when a bird died on his face
Watto and Jar Jar (Plays Like The Ice Climbers)
Crying Jimmy Kimmel
The Nasonex Bee
Racist Black Caricatures That Japanese People Don’t Realize are Super Offensive
Dinkie Dino (Mom bought instead of Tamagotchi)
Silk Button-Up Shirt Of Anime Character
Goku
Barron Trump
Goku
PUP
Goku
The old racist Jynx
Tomi Lahren
Member Berries
Beat Takeshi
Nude code Lara Croft
A Rabid Nintendog
90s Kid
Jew
Cappy
Slender Man (Obese Version)
Gordon Ramsey
Mikey Erg
Kylo Ren including nipples
WrestleMania 2000 Steve Blackman
Tuxedo Mask
Boner from Growing Pains
Gallagher (King Dedede alternate costume)
The Teacher You Accidentally Called Mom in Third Grade
Bob Villa
Quentin Tarantino’s Character ‘Jimmy’ from Pump Fiction
Hallucinogen Dealer Who Hangs out at the Same Coffee Shop as All Your Town’s Teens
Bob Hoskins Samus
Only 90s Kids
Malcolm Gladwell (unlocked after 10,000 hours of gameplay)
Literally every Pokemon ever
Trump’s twitter password
The Duplass Brothers
Any Of The Well-Received Minority Superheroes Released By Marvel
Pregnant Luigi
The Coach from Punchout
Kirby But With Asthma
The 3rd, 7th, and 10th Doctor Who
Darth Insanius
Animal Crossing’s Serial Public Masturbator
Mac Tonight
Tommy Wiseau
Yoshi Getting Punched in the Head by Mario
Slavoj Žižek
Mel Gibson before all that
Darth Icky
Lando Calrissian
Charles Nelson Riley
Dr. Zaius
Hard Times Managing Editor Bill Conway
Del Close
Raspberry Pi Emulator Running SNES Games
Bowser’s Contractor
Jonah Ryan
Pizza Rat
Cake Boss
Breath of the Wild Link
Chris Gaines
The whole team from Major League 2
Wawaluigi
Doom Guy
A bucket of human teeth
Red
Blood Falcon
Wilson from Castaway
Checkered Vans from Middle School
Tobias Funke
Tim Armstrong
Embarrassing Walk-to-Work Sweat
The Property Brothers
Ms. Carpal tunnel
Jeff Rosenstock
Goku
Laughing Alexa
Rain Man
A Large, Silent, Orange
Goku
Mew One-and-a-Half
Jenny Lewis reprising her role from The Wizard
Crazy Hand
Anthony “Sully” Sullivan
North Korea (new stage)
All the girls from Mambo #5
Stanley Ipkiss
John Legiuzamo’s Character from “The Pest”
A room temperature glass of tap water
Pac-Man but as a Mii
Mark Zuckerberg
The kid banished to Hell at the end of the Crossfire commercial
Glenn Danzig
Collin Kaepernick Kneeling for the National Anthem
A Stale End Piece of Bread That No One Wants to Eat
Mario’s mustache
Mario in that green boot from Mario 3
Ike Eisenhower
King Bob-omb
Emotional labor
Max Headroom
Goku
Dwight Schrute
Mario
Toad’s Hat and You Can’t Convince Me Otherwise
OB/GYN Mario
Dale Gribble with Pocket Sand
Birdo
The Creeping Realisation That Your Parents Will Eventually Die
Elon Musk
Madcatz Controller
An AR-15 assault rifle
Pickle Rick
Shitty Roommate
Mr Game and Watch
Oddjob
Goku
Corpse of Billy Mays
Shigeru Miyamotos Niece
The Corpse Of Glass Joe
[Ice Climbers confirmed NOT in Smash 5]
CATS From All Your Base Are Belong To Us! LOL, Remember That?!
Unconditional Love
A horse
Donkey Lips From Salute Your Shorts
Goku
Pablo Sanchez
Goku
Tails
Wayne Brady
Union Scab
Captain Falcon
The turtle from Zelda but with Mitch McConnel’s head
The Next Cloverfield Movie
Middle Schooler in a Naruto Sand Village Headband
Swedish Chef
Tupac
The Receipt You Never Found to Return That N64DD
Acid Reflux
Ganondorf but like similar to the way he is in the fucking Zelda series
Seven Fire Emblem Reskins
“Slow Hand” Eric Clapton
Sonic OC
Mark McGrath of Sugar Ray
Entire Lineup of LA Kings From NHL ’95 For The Sega Genesis
A Guy With Three Hands Holding an N64 Controller
The Next Porn Star Who Tries To Become A Mainstream Actress
George Soros
Jazz Hand
Gratuitous Girl In A Thong
My Dad
Spumpy
Musical Guest Janelle Monae
Brian Michael Bendis
Arthur from the cartoon Arthur
Those Creatures That Look Like Dicks You Made In Spore
Hypothermic Ice Climbers
A Virtual Boy
Shovel Knight
Mama Luigi
Fi
Flex Armstrong
Toon Snake
Crystal Clear Pepsi
June 1998 Copy of Nintendo Power
Uwe boll looking for a new movie idea
NRA Spokeswoman Dana Loesch
Wii Fit Slacker
Larry the Cucumber
Calvin Peeing on SEGA
The band Save Ferris
Fine, Sub-Zero, Stop E-mailing Us
Dwayne Hector Elizando Mountain Dew Camacho
Zergling
Rupert Murdoch
A NYPD Officer who nods at you when he sees your Cro Mags shirt
Garth Brooks & Chris Gaines
Internet Communist
Captain Clickbait
Fortnite
Lucina (Marth skin)
Jared Leto’s Joker
Bob Vance, Vance Refrigeration
All the sexy hedgehog drawings from Deviant Art
EA’s Integrity
Dr Cube from Kaiju Big Battel
Bobby Flay
Michael Cera as Player X (alt skin: Tobey Maguire)
The Underwear Model From A Kohl’s Ad
That Guy At Your Local Restaurant That Says “The Usual?” When You Come In
The Dam Level From Ninja Turtles
Pregnant DeviantArt Sonic
Mecha King Ghidorah
X-Man
Raekwon the Master Chef Jr.
A misunderstood nazi
Samuel L. Jackson Screaming
Sonichu
Jake Lloyd (young anakin skywalker)
Rash from Battletoads
K̶e̶v̶i̶n̶ ̶S̶p̶a̶c̶e̶y̶ Christopher Plummer again
Mom’s Spaghetti
George W Bush from “Bush Shootout” (George W Bush skin)
Method Man
The Crash Bandicoot suit guy from the Pizza Hut commercials
The ghost of Roger Ebert, who still insists video games aren’t art
Norman Reedus
Puff Daddy
Goku
Vegan Bowser
That Kid That Pac Man and Ms. Pac Man Make After They Fuck Each Other
Green Boots (Dead Body On Everest)
The old man from Zelda
Waluigi
Bizmarckie
Blink-182 Era Matt Skiba
Logan Paul
Rocky Balboa
The Pixelated Penis In Japanese Porn
Uganda knuckles
Dr. Robotnik (replacing Dr. Mario)
Joey from Joey’s World Tour
Ernest from the Ernest movies
The Racist Guy In the Movie “42”
The Poems from doki doki
Buzz Lightyear
Drunken Step-Father
Alt-Right Wario
That Orca Character From Street Sharks
The 1972 New York Yankees
Ted Cruz With That Gun That Cooked Bacon
The Merchant from Resident Evil 4
Fat Suit Weird Al
Goku
Saibamen
Divorced Ice Climbers
Cap’n Crunch
My Older Brother Who Will Totally Kick Your Ass!
Ziggy from The Wire
Koji Kondo
The all new 2019 Jeep Grand Cherokee
Misfits-Era Glenn Danzig
Nizoral anti-dandruff fungus targeting shampoo
Stan from Eminem’s “Stan”
The Pizza Delivery Guy Who Doesn’t Judge
Mike Myers and Kanye West
501st Legion Clone Trooper
Nerfed Pichu
Midlife Crisis Mario
The Verizon commercial guy who now works for Sprint or something
Kung Lao but with Cappy
Felix Biederman from Chapo Trap House
The C Stick
Mayor McCheese
Ol’ Dirty Bastard (as Big Baby Jesus)
Ajit Pai
Chad Kroeger (his super smash summons Scott Stapp)
Alan Thompson Jr. from the Whole Foods Front Register in White Plains, New York
A Catcalling Construction Worker
Lizard Person (skin for Barack Obama)
Black Panther and if you don’t pick him we’re telling everyone you didn’t like Black Panther
Jack Black
Aunt Beru
That one guy who still talks about gamergate
Solid Snake’s Cardboard Box with a Labo Logo
Bob Hoskins Mario
Polybius Arcade Cabinet
Nora Roberts
Shrek
Duke Nukem
Arthur from the movie Arthur starring Russell Brand
Gandhi
Bill Maher Just Alternating Between Saying “Invisible Man In The Sky” and “The N-Word”
FBI Agent Michael Scarn
Tony Soprano
An original press Project X Straight Edge Revenge
Siri
Navi
Illegitimate Bowser Jr.
Nintendog
Freddy Krueger but when he’s the giant snake thing in Dream Warriors
Henry Winkler
Master Chef
Palette-swapped Clones of All of the Above
75 Interchangeable Fire Emblem Characters
King K Rool
Lanky Kong
The 7 Up Dot
Joe Camel
Punxatony Phil

white girls are trash, bye

"When I become your next union president I’ll expel people like you from the walls of this prestigious university" in the replies was even more cancerous than the blatant bait post. Get a life you furry cuckold fuckhead.

Idea: run a Facebook page parallel to Imperial Secrets where RD offers therapeutic advice, surreal memes, and chit-chat to the anons.

Anyone else feel like this? When you've been feeling lonely/ depressed/ unmotivated, and you finally feel like you want to be happy and productive, but being depressed is now your comfort zone. Or maybe you feel scared to be happy. Or that you think you don't deserve it. Or that people will judge you from going to a quiet person to a happier more talkative person. It's strange. Feel like a kid sulking, stubborn, not wanting to forget and move on. 

chris ford stole my shrimps how do i apply for mitigating circumstances

Guys don’t ever be afraid to talk about your feelings. Fuck the ignorant idea that opening up about your emotions isn’t “masculine” (if anything it’s the most masculine thing you can do). This is especially important these days and especially in the UK, considering that male suicide rates, particularly, are much higher than female (disparity worse in the UK I believe) because men often bottle everything up and in the end they feel nothing can help them and they take their own lives, so PLEASE don’t let it get to this stage. 

Open up to your guy friends too, it’ll help them talk about their issues as well if they have any. Keep checking up on all your friends now and then to make sure they’re doing okay too. I’ve known someone who took his life 2 years ago, and no one even knew what he had been going through. 

Let’s end this stigma and start talking.

Imperial Secrets... has changed. It's no longer about crushes, depression, or petty complaints. It's an endless series of memes written by shitposters and oxbridge rejects. Imperial Secrets, and its consumption of productivity, has become a well-oiled machine. Imperial Secrets has changed. Dead students post dead secrets, using dead copypasta. Curly fries inside their bodies enhance and regulate their abilities. Course rankings, lecturer rankings, hall rankings... 
meme rankings. Everything is ranked and kept under control. Imperial Secrets has changed. The age of Balaji has become the age of Dowling. All in the name of distracting our attention from the upcoming exams. And he who controls the memes, controls history. Imperial Secrets has changed... When the memes are under total control, shitposting becomes routine.

Anyone listen to Flatbush Zombies, Suicide Boys or The Underachievers? fucking wavey shit

The sole useful output of Algebra revision so far:

God Tier
Klein Group (Only 4 elements, great source of counter-examples)

Great Tier
Dihedral Groups (Two equations govern whole group, nice to work with)

Normie Tier
Cyclic Groups (Pretty boring but easy to use)

Bad Tier
Symmetric Groups (nightmare to work with)

Shit Tier
Alternating Group (Basically just a shit symmetric group)

Kys Tier
Groups of upper triangular matrices (When Liebeck really wants to fuck you over and the simplest counter example is of order 27)

The most depressing moment when you really like your coursemate but too afraid to tell anyone else because you don’t want to ruin the friendship :( 

Over a few years I have been dealing with ‘mild’ anxiety. I like to say I was ‘borderline’ depressed. It started in year 13. 

Funny how as time goes by and I get better - actually better, from within, as opposed to temporary relief from any treatment, I realise more and more how bad I was before. I honestly had no idea that the way I was feeling was not ‘slightly under the weather most of the time’ - it was so much worse.

To me depression has been like a weird kind of cage - one that you cannot see from the inside, unless you are holding the key that opens it. Kind of a high-brow metaphor, but this describes it the best for me. Unless you are ready to leave, you don’t even realise that you are not ‘in a bad mood’ or ‘under the weather’ - you are in a cage. And only after you leave and look back can you see just how many bars you were seeing the world through.

To anyone going through this: believe in yourself, whatever the cage of yours is - you can get out. Therapy is necessary, it facilitates your ‘escape’, but the real change comes from within. Never give up.

I'm confused about whole gender fluid/non-binary thing... Sex is biological, which is (except in very very exceptionally rare circumstances) binary. Gender is something that we as a society have made up to fit in with certain stereotypes of what it means to be a boy/girl. 
Why do gender fluid/non-binary people want a different pronoun? The pronoun he/she has nothing to do with which gender someone identifies with, it is to do with their sex, which is binary.
In fact why do people find it necessary to talk about which gender they identify with; gender is completely made up and means absolutely nothing, and makes no difference to how you go about your life. Are gender fluid/non-binary people just seeking attention?
Honestly can't see any other reason, would appreciate any alternative points of view...

Let's increase the number of posts by sending in our own stories so that we can encourage other people to write too. I myself feel a bit discouraged from posting on Scientists of Imperial because it seems like nobody posts there and I feel like nobody would hear me. Plus it seems like the page is for one complete story instead of small snippets of how my mental health is. Tbh I still feel more comfortable posting to Imperial Secrets even though 90% of my mental health related secrets have not been posted (nothing suicidal, just overall depressing). It would be nice if Scientists of Imperial could be a place to be heard and supported when things are just getting worse.

Why does everyone always want to be happy and strive for this idea of constant, never ending happiness? Its unacheivable so are you just lying to yourself, convincing yourself that day of endless bliss is just around the corner maybe once uni is done or once you've got that 'perfect' job? 
Should I be mindlessly lying to myself too?
Honestly I dont know whats wrong with just wallowing in the sadness of life. Whats wrong with being down, depressed or deeply unhappy....why fundamentally is that a worse state to live life in? Everyone always says happiness is key....to what though? 

I'm sick of all these tier rankings, so I'm making Top 10 lists instead

Top 10 Fruits :
1. Avocados
2. Bananas
3. Oranges
4. Grapes
5. Apples
6. Blueberries
7. Mangos
8. Strawberries
9. Pears
10. Pineapples

Courses with the littest people in order:




1. Medicine (I would be depressed af if I was doing anything else at Imperial)






2. Everyone else

Not even from imperial but the comment sections seem to actually give good advise or counselling. What’s with guys’ mentality to hide their girlfriends? I just want to be shown off man :/ am I that much of an embarrassment that most of your friends don’t even know I exist :/ If so why get with me in the first place? Exams are stressful enough I don’t need you to make me even more depressed man :/

I thought lack of sex was the major source of my depression and unhappiness, but I was wrong. As a man, I’ve been successful in hookups with girls, yet I’m still depressed.

I need love! True love! From a girl I love! I want a stable loving relationship now and no more of these one-nighters. I want to settle down.

I feel like a lot of my problems would be resolved if I just lived in the moment. Past regrets, future worries and anxieties, I just can’t stop overthinking and just end up making myself feel shit all the time. Feeling depressed about my past and anxious about the future... how do I just live in the present? My mind wanders too much :(

Why don’t you fucking post my secrets regarding my mental health?? I get that you don’t want too many “depressing” secrets on here but I just want some advice, I know I should seek help but I want to see if people here can offer advice too so why do you not post it? :(

I've never admitted to anyone I feel down sometimes. Like my course is crushing. But if I were to ever need support/pastoral care, where should I go? I don't want to go to a doctor because I KNOW I'm not depressed and I don't want someone to convince me that I am. idk I'll probs never really need it as I can normally get to a stage where I can break down all my issues and get through them step by step, but you know it would be good to know what I'd do if I ever needed support. I don't really feel like I would want to talk to friends about it, I don't want weight on their shoulders if you get what I mean?

So, I'd like a sweat equity position in a company where an "idea guy" reminiscent of Steve Jobs, Elon Musk, etc. can manage me. Ideally, there would be no pay, but just the promise of a future small portion of ownership of the company I created. Does anyone know any "brains of the operation" guys looking for some mindless code monkey nerds to direct? Also, it'd be great if they had no experience of any kind in the industry and did no research of any kind into competition (I mean, not even a google search). It is mandatory that their description of their company be in the format "like [other company], BUT". So, "like facebook, but...". I would prefer them to have no business or coding skills of any kind, so they'll be free to express their unbridled, uncorrupted creativity. I would also like massive underestimates of the worked required to implement their idea and no concept whatsoever of the time it take to fulfill their ambitions. I would like for their creativity to be unencumbered by concepts like "reality" and whatnot. They should rely completely on me for the unimportant things such as creation of the app, so they can focus on the real work, like telling me what to do.
Are there any positions available like that? Please drop by and pitch me your app at an opportune time, such as a family gathering or social occasion of any kind! Thanks!

After careful consideration I have concluded that Asian cum is the best tasting thing in the world. Fight me

The one that jokes the most is always the one that's depressed

If you want your presidential candidate to be depressed and a virgin you could always call in Imperial Analytica. 

If I fail my degree I blame the couple living in the single room at the end of the corridor on LG who have kept me up two nights in a row until 03:00-04;00. I don’t know what they’re doing in there but it sounds like one of two things: 
i) The guy is beating his girlfriend who screams and cries all night long.
ii) It’s some weird kink and he’s just yelling something dirty at her but it’s in Chinese so it just sounds like he’s angry and meanwhile she screams for more crying something which phonetically sounds like “Ting Che! Ni zai shao hai wahhh!” which I imagine loosely translates to “harder daddy” or something.

The problem with (ii) is that it lasts a good 60-90min and having seen the guy, I think he’d struggle to go 5min let alone an hour screaming and shouting.
What ever is going on wether it’s a torture chamber or a sex dongeon (would make sense on LG i suppose) it’s keeping me up at night. 

Side note: Does anyone think this could qualify as mitigating circumstances? I end up so tired I sleep past my alarm and don’t wake up until 13:00-14:00 meaning I’m losing valuable revision time in the mornings! 

How do u KNOW going into a relationship when you’re not “mentally ready” will always be bad and toxic?? How do you know that someone’s unconditional love can’t make you feel better and less shit about yourself and life? It might not necessarily make you codependent. Maybe they could just provide you with the confidence and love you need and you could both empower each other, and you COULD end up from being in a bad place to being in a much better place mentally thanks to them and it might not necessarily be toxic/codependent?! I’ve known people who have gotten into relationships, people who were essentially suicidal but even after their relationship ended they were left in a much better place because the person they were with uplifted them so much. Yes I’m aware this isn’t the case with every situation and I know it’s more likely it’ll be fucked up but there is no guarantee it will be shit so telling people otherwise doesn’t make sense 😒😒 even I’ve had a bf who made me feel
important for once in my life and yeah I went back to feeling fucking shit once we broke up but at least TEMPORARILY I felt I was worth something. This probs won’t make sense to most people but I just don’t like the idea being suggested that people struggling mentally aren’t worthy of relationships or won’t do well in relationships because you never know the outcome.

Sorry for the long post and if I offended anyone. 

Bit of a weird one but for a while now, I’ve not been feeling myself and a lot of things have been getting to me and I’ve been a bit all over the place, and my mood was really low - there are quite a few things that initially contributed to it but my reaction to these things have been much worse than before, mentally . I looked up the advice available online when I considered seeing my GP about it but it mentioned that for things to be seen as mental health issues they usually have to have been around for around 6 months. So I left it. Around 6 months on, and I’m feeling perhaps worse, particularly when I’m alone at night, more and more the case when I’m revising for exams etc. I really do want to see my GP about this but I’m worried that it might come across as a medical student wanting extenuating circumstances (NOT the case at all, I definitely want to sit my exams “normally”) or just getting stressed about exams etc when it really is a bigger issue than that in terms of duration. Shall I just wait until after exams so I’m seen more seriously? 

Whoever wrote #ImperialSecret_7273 never suggested that balanced and fair criticism of Israel was Anti-Semitic. However they had pointed out that Corbyn has allied himself with 'militant anti-Israel movements,' presumably Hamas and Hezbollah. It's easy to see how a group such as Hamas  have integrated Anti-Semitism into their ideology as their charter accuses Jews of being part of a global conspiracy whereby they use their money, influence and power to control the world. The Hamas Charter even references the antisemitic fabricated text,  'The Protocols of the Elders of Zion' as if it were a legitimate document.  {Hamas Charter Articles No. 22, 28, 32}

To clarify, people are not accusing Labour of being weak when it comes to combating Anti-Semitism because of Corbyn's criticism of Israel (no state is perfect and therefore all are open to criticism) but instead point out that even if he does not harbor any Anti-Semitic sentiments,  he seems rather comfortable to surround himself with those who do. When reading #ImperialSecret_7273 it is clear that this is the message that the author was trying to convey. 

I hate uni , seriously what a depressing waste of time and money 

In these dark days of revision it feels like everyone needs some support, so let me introduce you to the TRUE and only religion that can save you: the CHURCH OF 🅱️ORDOM💒. Legend has it a true GOD lives among us, the biggest man that ever stepped on Earth CHRIS 🅱️Ord has come down from his n-1 dimensional hyperplane in R^n 🌌to redeem us all from our sins (who hasn’t forgotten the +© when integrating) and guide us in this journey we call life. 
M1M1:3:12, series:
And so CHRIS 🅱️Ord  went into the lecture theatre and all the sophist turned their heads and stared at the living GOD. When HE got to the back of 🆑ore, he drank from his GLORIOUS bottle of water 💦and when he was about to start pronouncing the biggest of truths, the little mortals🛐🛐 in the room started shouting and insulting the TRUE GOD. So the MAN HIMSELF calmly said:”well, that’s enough” and opened his mouth, shooting the mightiest of power series™ giving a slow and painful death to the disrespectul students, who melted in a mass of misery and cum😵👅💦💥⚰️. And so the will of CHRIS 🅱️Ord was made as it always is. 
Amen🅱️

The Pembridge warden tried to rape me 

Does anyone actually like to hang out with me? I'm starting to get depressed now that this long holiday is here. I feel like the friends I made were friends only because we see each other every week.

Serious question I want to know who actually enjoys uni? I see all my school friends having so much fun and when I meet up with them over holidays they all say they're having fun, one even said everyone is enjoying university apart from you.  I just find it really depressing here and really lonely 

Real club rankings:

[CUM ALL OVER YOURSELF AS SOON AS YOU WALK IN TIER]

Slug

[CAN HAVE A DECENT NIGHT BUT A BIT GENERIC TIER]

Most London clubs

[IF HIV WAS A CLUB]

Metric

Types of Mathematicians at Imperial:

1. Never to be seen anywhere (majority of this department) - can never find them in lectures or problem classes, or even in the general outdoors. Prefers to not leave their house unless absolutely necessary, e.g. for tests.

2. The annoying sesh heads - loud af, rude af, think they’re roadmen but actually care way too much about academics and their only other passion in life is getting w a v e d. People secretly dislike them but no one says it to their face. Probably want to go into Finance/Statistics.

3. The Europeans - good at literally fucking everything. Don’t really like going out on the sesh but will have a cheeky glass of wine now and then. ε-δ is what they live for, and it’d be a waste if they went into anything other than pure Maths research. Live to be on the Dean’s list.

4. Asians - prefer to stick in clusters and would rather not socialise with other people. Can be seen during all 9 ams wearing their “antisocial social club” clothes.

5. The hopeless - have given up entirely on their degree, and give no fucks. Haven’t been to lectures this entire term, and are most likely clinically depressed by now. Still laugh at +C jokes, but Richard Thomas would be disappointed in them. Most are confused how they’ve even made it this far into their degree.

6. Sports night fanatics - a mixed breed of Mathematicians, all with one thing in common; they. love. Sports night. You can usually find them trashed in Metric every Wednesday, and a lot of them are close to (5) but most still manage to make it to lectures.

7. The overly dedicated - make it to every. single. fucking. lecture, and problems class, even if it’s a full 9-6 day. Can be seen after literally every lecture questioning the lecturer about the material. Never go out anymore. They are now most likely dead inside.

8. Investment bankers - only doing this course for one reason. Don’t really give much of a fuck about the course, and are most likely on a Third, but are probably involved in a lot of societies and career events relating to IB. Harvey Specter is for some reason their role model.

There is truly no worse, more depressing, hurting feeling in the world than not being liked back by someone you love

Anyone else ever gone through a deep depression phase? 

Imperial Secrets application- Daniel Burridge.  Since I normally just chat shit in all my secrets I thought it would be time to share my wisdom and give some decent tips on how you can be a BNOC like myself.
Tip 1: Confidence- Last year I was dumped by my ex; unphased I announced to the bois that she would be begging for me back before Christmas- she never did but that’s besides the point cus Federica liked my latest insta so who’s the real winner here? 
Tip 2: Join Boxing- went to BUCS, won one match by default cus the opponent was ill, boxed one match and lost by KO… still came out of it with a free bronze and a norty insta though and as long as I tense up all the lads will still think I’m big.
Tip 3: Chirpsing- Since all the galdem here are under 50, I have to go to the weekly circuit session at Ethos to get my fix of mid-menopause milfs. All the bois laughed when I said Julie Varlie had potential but they’re probs just jealous cus she might be re-marking my fluids lab report that I got a fail in. Wish that perky mechanics tutor would hmu though. 
Tip 4: Disguise- Arrived at uni in Under Armour trackies, nearly convinced people I was actually road and not from Chalfont St Peters. Tbf though I went to a state school so don’t come down my ends chatting shit, Challoner’s is proper rough ennit. 
Tip 5: Free Locker – Fill your locker with all your sweaty garms so that no-one would touch it with a stick. Apparently, man takes a diversion to get to BOSS now cus the smell is dirtttt, no need for a padlock. It’s about lateral thinking people. 
Tip 6: Exams- It’s all about faking disabilities to get minimum: 75% extra time, a hot drink , and a back massage off Fred. If you aint hustlin mitigating circumstances you aint in the game. Remember: If it starts with dys- you’ve probably got it as long as you deliberately spell your name wrong on the test. Pro tip: Use Daddy’s money to buy a phat pack of prescription Ritalin off the nearest ADHD kid you can find; It’s not cheating if you don’t get caught.
Tip 7: Illusion- Pretend to yourself that you’re the biggest heavyweight drinker in uni, fill up a bottle of Smirnoff with 95% Carabou and walk round with it at the pre’s. When the 2 units hits you you’re gonna feel wobbly so make sure you pass the bottle on before you’re finished. Repeatedly tell everyone else they’re lightweights to hide your insecurities and make yourself look ‘ard. 
Well there we go, that’s more tips than I can fit in my bumhole… and I went to Challoner’s. 
PS: Rob Waterhouse you seem pretty cool but just to clarify, we’re best mates right? 


To those AGAINST the removal of 7747:
Some of you are thinking ‘these libtard special snowflakes are just finding a reason to get offend, about anything slightly not PC’. I agree there are definitely certain times when not being PC can be funny. Hell I love Cards Against Humanity as much as the next guy, and when I play you can be damn sure I’ll play the most messed up card I can find. I may disagree with the content posted but I will still defend your right to say it. That being said, I just want you to try and empathise a little with people that take offence to your joke.

I come from a culture that is pretty homophobic and for the longest time I didn’t see anything wrong about joking about gay people. Growing up, sure I figured some people might not like it, but I didn’t get what the fuss was all about. I didn’t think about it very much either until a friend explained how it felt. 

He explained how he was secretly gay and became depressed because of all the pervasive homophobic culture. Casual jokes about the LGBT+ community made him feel ridiculed and shamed even when they weren’t directed to him.

The thing is, its really hard to empathise with people over experiences that we can’t relate to and really easy to dismiss them taking offence as being over sensitive. Just remember what’s a casual joke to you isn’t necessarily the same for everyone else. 


To those FOR the removal of 7747:
I would like to start of by saying that I agree that 7747 was poor taste and dismissive of members of the LGBTQIA+. I also agree that such posts shouldn’t be brushed off as mere ‘jokes’ and that they perpetuate harmful ideas. All I ask is that you consider whether removal of the post really achieves what you want. 

There will always be some people that make jokes you find offensive. Let’s be clear, this doesn’t mean I think 7747 should have been posted. What I am saying is that removing views you disagree with doesn’t change the minds of the people you disagree with. All this achieves is making those people group up and perpetuate their views within their in-group. 

While in the short run censoring negative comments might make us better off, in the long run any censorship will only serve to fragment our community and only open dialogue and discussion will help others understand. Now some of you are rightfully thinking that a secrets page is anonymous and thus doesn’t constitute an open dialogue. I agree that this format is not ideal for discussion but at least you have the opportunity to express why you disagree and hopefully change their mind.

Anyone want to cum fly with me? ;)

IMPERIAL SPORTS TEAMS RANKED AS ITEMS FROM THE MCDONALDS MENU 
Hockey - On the surface, you might think (as they themselves do) that they are the ‘Big Macs on Campus.’ Could not be more wrong. Bite into the surface and you’ll find they’re a bit odd and not that impressive. Skills include: strawpedos, bragging about strawpedos. For being all bark and no bite: Spicy Vegetable Deluxe. 

ICSM Hockey - Same as above but not as good at Hockey, trying even harder to be “safe” and with more red: Vegetable Deluxe, with extra ketchup. 

Football - Lack of actual footballing ability in this niche student population has propelled your run-of-the-mill Joe Allen to meteoric heights. As a result, footballers at Imperial are not as cool, as good-looking or as good at football as you might have expected, despite being nice blokes. For failing to live up to the hype: Maltesers McFlurry 

Lacrosse – You probably went into this thinking it was going to be a bit shit, and you know what, they probably are a bit shit. But when you get as drunk as often as they seem to, nothing hits the spot quite like this: 99p Chicken Mayo 

Boat -  Surprisingly talented, but they really struggle to connect with people. Talk of their expensive boats, erg times and un-ironic use of ‘yah’ and ‘rah’ in day to day speech will alienate us ‘common’ folk. For being just a tad too posh: any item from the Signature Collection

Netball - Undeniably good, insufferably basic: McCafé Frappuccino

Ultimate Frisbee: When you heard about them you were like ‘wtf?’ and despite it seeiming like a fun idea, you have to ask yourself if this even is a real thing: Veg Pizza McPuff (– India McD’s)

Rugby - ah Rugger. A blend of Boat’s poshness and Hockey’s…cuntness? Their medics are shit, not even worth a paragraph. You have to ask yourself: is the macho brand, the naked showers, the never-ending dick-measuring and substitution of personality with pints worth it? Fun, bold and not for the faint-hearted, this will either leave you feeling glorious or horribly insecure about your body: 20 Nugget Share Box (for one); Apple and Grape Fruit Bag (medics). 

Snowsports – Although no club at Imperial truly deserves the top prize, Snowsports do deliver consistently one of the greatest weeks of your Imperial careers before retreating to hibernate till next winter: Big Mac(s) for a week.

American Football - Think they’re decent, but only really rated by themselves. Most of the time you look at this (menu) item and think that they just seem a bit out of place. The majority will keep their distance from this one: Any McSalad

Boxing –come across as taking themselves a bit too seriously. This group of wannabe-AJs train hard to be the very best but despite their admirable passion and pursuit for glory, when the dust settles on the Imperial Social scene they are just a tad irrelevant: Fillet O’ Fish 

Athletics: Lean and mean, athletics is a vast club. There’s so many of them it’s hard to keep track (pun very much intended). A generally chill group, not controversial or interesting in any particular way, Athleticists are the neutrals of Sports Night. Hated by no-one but also not overtly loved, it’s safe to say they’re good with everyone and everything: Large fries. 


My formula for Garen support success:
> Take Dubstep fire and yellow blink for ss and EEE and EIE masteries
> Buy Dolan's blade and healthy drink
> Run into botlane and commit suicide to tower (doesn't matter if enemy is there, obviously)
> Say that "we're objectively winning because the tower lost 30 hp and got +1 gold"
> Go into jungle and killsteal jungle's blue or red using Q
> Spam Ctrl + 1 as you spin back into lane
> Steal all your adc's creeps (by 20 mins you should have >120 cs and he should have <30)
> Watch him complain and ragequit
> Don't worry about being reported: nobody wants to listen to sqeakers anyway and everyone else will probably mute him
> Extract his tears from the computer screen
> Consume them to forget about that 24% you got in the last test
> Go full AD (recommended build: Pikachu knife > Overpriced triangle > Shoes of extreme fastness and not-slowness > [G O L D E N  G A R E N] > Edgy blade > Edgy blade II)
> Stay bot the entire game: don't even think about helping teammates teamfight at mid or jungle
> In fights: flash onto carry and Q E R and then become [G O L D E N]
> My personnel record: 24 wins 78 losses
> notbadObama.jpeg

Any thoughts about how to improve? I want to climb ladder. I'm currently in Bronze V in EUW, NA, and Japan and idk how to get better at this point. @Imperial_College_ESports_Varsity

I love how my male privilege entitles me to be 11 times more likely to die at a workplace than a woman

I love how my male privilege entitles me to be 9 times more likely to commit suicide than a woman 

I love how my male privilege gives me just a 15% chance of winning custody of my children

I love how my male privilege means im three times more likely to be homeless than a woman

Let’s be real everyone, women are discriminated a lot of time, but we need to be aware that men go through shit too and we need to strive to improve this discrimination Just as much as we do with female issues

Thoughts?

##### WARNING: SOCIO-POLITICAL SECRET #####

To the Lovely, Ad-Hominiem Free Writer of Secret 8199,

"Describing the action of the page to remove the content is in absolutely no way a restraint on anyone's freedom of speech. They are simply choosing not to broadcast that particular speech to their users."
Restraint: A measure or condition that keeps someone or something under control. [Oxford]
Not posting someones secret is a measure to keep that person and their speech under control. It controls their speech because actions were taken to control what they could say on this platform. Not saying if this is a good or bad thing or not, just that it is the case.

"The page reserves the right to do that for all of their content, and it's totally at their discretion what they consider inflammatory"
Yes I know I'm not saying the secret should'nt be removed. What a wild and unreasoned assertion! Im simply telling you that this reserved right contradicts freedom of speech as a principle NOT A LAW.

"in this case it was user backlash which was met with removal, which is totally fair."
This is a normative statement.

"A restraint on free speech would be if a platform had content removed by a third party"
Very true.

"No platform owes a particular individual the right to express themselves on it unless the individual owns the platform."
Again, this is a normative statement.

"Also you probably shouldn't use Oxford dictionary in an argument like this. It's not particularly comprehensive as you're trying to summarise pages of legislation surrounding this with an umbrella description of the general principle. However, just to clarify, no-one has broken the law, not the page nor your precious free speech martyr."
I did not make a legal argument. I made an argument relating to the general principle so it is correct to use the definition relating to the general principle. UK law does not guarantee the unrestricted right to freedom of speech. It explicitly says in the law that the right will not be upheld under certain circumstances, such as hate speech. I never said they had broken the law, nor did I say that their actions should have broken the law, nor did I say the secret shouldn't be removed. Your assuming my opinions on the topic just because of the argument I presented. Tut tut tut.

Hope this clears things up. ;)

Au Revoir #8199

P.S: Fuck the copycats

Some people are so stupid and unaware about mental health issues.

A few weeks ago, I told one of my friends about my depression and anxiety. She actually fucking began comparing it to her year 8/9 emo phase, and told me I "would be over it soon". Honestly how fucking ignorant can people get?!

I just overheard someone saying that ‘depression is a choice’ which really triggered me for some reason as I can definitely say that this illness literally takes over my life just like cancer and any other serious illness. 
Please stop being such a cunt and do some reading.

With each passing day, and the more I realise I should have taken work this year seriously, now I’m left trying to just scrape a pass 

So can we talk about Davy Klugs course... Like the thing potters along being about as interesting as cardboard but not too hard and then bam,L8 wtaf was that. Like he was just pulling equations out of his rear  and mumbling the notes on the slides. The man sounds like a depressed Eeyore and by then end of all that I'm on that level too.

##### WARNING: SOCIO-POLITICAL SECRET #####

I was seriously abused by a gang of people of a certain race when I was younger. I only got to where I am today because I became a workaholic to escape what was happening to me. No one listened to me or helped me when I was a child. I tried to speak up amongst a group of "friends" at Imperial, but before I could get anywhere close to saying what happened to me, a "friend" of mine at Imperial, who is openly left wing exploded in a fit of rage at me. He yelled at me in front of everyone, telling me that I am very narrow minded; that my "parents" have done a lot for me (when in fact my family fell apart when I was an infant and I grew up in a council estate without a father); that these people (the abusers) are from disadvantaged single parent families and I don't know what it's like. I got to where I am through my hard work despite unbelievable circumstances. But the political left assumes that I am priviliged and privately educated. Why does the left hate me so much because I worked hard?

According to all known laws
of aviation,
there is no way a bee
should be able to fly.
Its wings are too small to get
its fat little body off the ground.
The bee, of course, flies anyway
because bees don't care
what humans think is impossible.
Yellow, black. Yellow, black.
Yellow, black. Yellow, black.
Ooh, black and yellow!
Let's shake it up a little.
Barry! Breakfast is ready!
Ooming!
Hang on a second.
Hello?
- Barry?
- Adam?
- Oan you believe this is happening?
- I can't. I'll pick you up.
Looking sharp.
Use the stairs. Your father
paid good money for those.
Sorry. I'm excited.
Here's the graduate.
We're very proud of you, son.
A perfect report card, all B's.
Very proud.
Ma! I got a thing going here.
- You got lint on your fuzz.
- Ow! That's me!
- Wave to us! We'll be in row 118,000.
- Bye!
Barry, I told you,
stop flying in the house!
- Hey, Adam.
- Hey, Barry.
- Is that fuzz gel?
- A little. Special day, graduation.
Never thought I'd make it.
Three days grade school,
three days high school.
Those were awkward.
Three days college. I'm glad I took
a day and hitchhiked around the hive.
You did come back different.
- Hi, Barry.
- Artie, growing a mustache? Looks good.
- Hear about Frankie?
- Yeah.
- You going to the funeral?
- No, I'm not going.
Everybody knows,
sting someone, you die.
Don't waste it on a squirrel.
Such a hothead.
I guess he could have
just gotten out of the way.
I love this incorporating
an amusement park into our day.
That's why we don't need vacations.
Boy, quite a bit of pomp...
under the circumstances.
- Well, Adam, today we are men.
- We are!
- Bee-men.
- Amen!
Hallelujah!
Students, faculty, distinguished bees,
please welcome Dean Buzzwell.
Welcome, New Hive Oity
graduating class of...
...9:15.
That concludes our ceremonies.
And begins your career
at Honex Industries!
Will we pick ourjob today?
I heard it's just orientation.
Heads up! Here we go.
Keep your hands and antennas
inside the tram at all times.
- Wonder what it'll be like?
- A little scary.
Welcome to Honex,
a division of Honesco
and a part of the Hexagon Group.
This is it!
Wow.
Wow.
We know that you, as a bee,
have worked your whole life
to get to the point where you
can work for your whole life.
Honey begins when our valiant Pollen
Jocks bring the nectar to the hive.
Our top-secret formula
is automatically color-corrected,
scent-adjusted and bubble-contoured
into this soothing sweet syrup
with its distinctive
golden glow you know as...
Honey!
- That girl was hot.
- She's my cousin!
- She is?
- Yes, we're all cousins.
- Right. You're right.
- At Honex, we constantly strive
to improve every aspect
of bee existence.
These bees are stress-testing
a new helmet technology.
- What do you think he makes?
- Not enough.
Here we have our latest advancement,
the Krelman.
- What does that do?
- Oatches that little strand of honey
that hangs after you pour it.
Saves us millions.
Oan anyone work on the Krelman?
Of course. Most bee jobs are
small ones. But bees know
that every small job,
if it's done well, means a lot.
But choose carefully
because you'll stay in the job
you pick for the rest of your life.
The same job the rest of your life?
I didn't know that.
What's the difference?
You'll be happy to know that bees,
as a species, haven't had one day off
in 27 million years.
So you'll just work us to death?
We'll sure try.
Wow! That blew my mind!
"What's the difference?"
How can you say that?
One job forever?
That's an insane choice to have to make.
I'm relieved. Now we only have
to make one decision in life.
But, Adam, how could they
never have told us that?
Why would you question anything?
We're bees.
We're the most perfectly
functioning society on Earth.
You ever think maybe things
work a little too well here?
Like what? Give me one example.
I don't know. But you know
what I'm talking about.
Please clear the gate.
Royal Nectar Force on approach.
Wait a second. Oheck it out.
- Hey, those are Pollen Jocks!
- Wow.
I've never seen them this close.
They know what it's like
outside the hive.
Yeah, but some don't come back.
- Hey, Jocks!
- Hi, Jocks!
You guys did great!
You're monsters!
You're sky freaks! I love it! I love it!
- I wonder where they were.
- I don't know.
Their day's not planned.
Outside the hive, flying who knows
where, doing who knows what.
You can'tjust decide to be a Pollen
Jock. You have to be bred for that.
Right.
Look. That's more pollen
than you and I will see in a lifetime.
It's just a status symbol.
Bees make too much of it.
Perhaps. Unless you're wearing it
and the ladies see you wearing it.
Those ladies?
Aren't they our cousins too?
Distant. Distant.
Look at these two.
- Oouple of Hive Harrys.
- Let's have fun with them.
It must be dangerous
being a Pollen Jock.
Yeah. Once a bear pinned me
against a mushroom!
He had a paw on my throat,
and with the other, he was slapping me!
- Oh, my!
- I never thought I'd knock him out.
What were you doing during this?
Trying to alert the authorities.
I can autograph that.
A little gusty out there today,
wasn't it, comrades?
Yeah. Gusty.
We're hitting a sunflower patch
six miles from here tomorrow.
- Six miles, huh?
- Barry!
A puddle jump for us,
but maybe you're not up for it.
- Maybe I am.
- You are not!
We're going 0900 at J-Gate.
What do you think, buzzy-boy?



I see now that the circumstances of one's birth are irrelevant. It is what you do with the gift of life that determines who you are.

Studying for finals everyday make me feel so depressed & M1M1 papers are just inhumane. I want my life back

Do people actually do grapefruiting? Won't all that citric acid sting?

##### WARNING: SOCIO-POLITICAL SECRET #####

The parents are nothing but scummy chavs, inciting people to attack a hospital. If you've actually read the case, Alfie has something that has never been seen before in recorded history. Of course the doctors are going to be somewhat wrong when they have nothing to compare it to, that's how science works. But I don't see the chavs coming up with anything better, do you?

[We are moving into the digital age//All people have is electricity//wires circulate or veins//And circuits in there hands. Our t00ls have turned to screens// Touch has been lost on the digital interfaces of the modern world// Our l*k*s fall…&&& so do we// Lives created online//Two dimensional mailing lists sent around the world for you to see// Today we don’t even recognise or understand emotions apart from emojis// Is anything real if it’s not documented. We trust our technology// And it’s only real when documented// It’s a sin to overshare and a virtue to call s*m**n* out// wtf// In our online space we carve private worlds and public personas// Messaging speeds production and we never turn off]
ć̷̢̄̏̋͐̅͋̒̀͐͑͗̕ǫ̵̢̬̟̜̼̭͎͉̯̗͉̦̮̈̆͗͒̓̏m̵̻̮̪̯̭̺̆̀̾͛̋̊̿̕͘͝ē̵̟̜̗͍̽́͒ ̶̡̩͓̯̖͉͓̎̑͗̈́̊̈́̏͐̈͝͠͝t̸̪̺̠͙̲̹̳̯̮͎̺͖͇̓̍͗̈́̈́̆̑͗̒̄͝͝ȍ̵͈͈̆̈́͝ ̶̻͓͙͈̩̘͔̮͇̑̂̿̃̄́̇̌̎͋̕m̷͈̳̖̼̲̹̥͖̪̞̬̘̩̘̌̈̎̚͜y̵̡̨̨̛͇̱̟̫̼̠̰͖̲͗́̀͋͑̀͗̉́̀͗ ̶̣̱̹̫̫̃̈́̕p̵̧͎̗̬̼͇͔̯̘̩̤̞̌̓͋͆͛̑̓͂͛͋́̈́̏̈́͘͜l̵̬̩̉͝ä̴̢̬͍̪̣͚̭̹̺́̑̏̾͊̔͛̀̈͆͊͛̕y̴̢͇̦̥͉͍̹̫̻̘̅̒͒̿͗̀͂̀́̕͘̚ͅ

IMPERIAL SPORTS TEAMS RANKED AS ITEMS FROM THE MCDONALDS MENU 
Hockey - On the surface, you might think (as they themselves do) that they are the ‘Big Macs on Campus.’ Could not be more wrong. Bite into the surface and you’ll find they’re a bit odd and not that impressive. Skills include: strawpedos, bragging about strawpedos. For being all bark and no bite: Spicy Vegetable Deluxe. 

ICSM Hockey - Same as above but not as good at Hockey, trying even harder to be “safe” and with more red: Vegetable Deluxe, with extra ketchup. 

Football - Lack of actual footballing ability in this niche student population has propelled your run-of-the-mill Joe Allen to meteoric heights. As a result, footballers at Imperial are not as cool, as good-looking or as good at football as you might have expected, despite being nice blokes. For failing to live up to the hype: Maltesers McFlurry 

Lacrosse – You probably went into this thinking it was going to be a bit shit, and you know what, they probably are a bit shit. But when you get as drunk as often as they seem to, this group of misfits probably wouldn’t trade places with anyone. For hitting the spot when inebriated: 99p Chicken Mayo 

Boat -  Surprisingly talented, but they really struggle to connect with people. Talk of their expensive boats, erg times and un-ironic use of ‘yah’ and ‘rah’ in day to day vernacular will alienate us ‘common’ folk. For being just a tad too posh: any item from the Signature Collection

Netball - Undeniably good, insufferably basic: McCafé Frappuccino

Ultimate Frisbee: When you heard about them you were like ‘wtf?’ and despite it seeiming like a fun idea, you have to ask yourself if this even is a real thing: Veg Pizza McPuff (– India McD’s)

Rugby - ah Rugger. A blend of Boat’s poshness and Hockey’s…cuntness? Their medics are shit, not even worth a paragraph. You have to ask yourself: is the macho brand, the naked showers, the never-ending dick-measuring and substitution of personality with pints worth it? Fun, bold and not for the faint-hearted, this will either leave you feeling glorious or horribly insecure about your body: 20 Nugget Share Box (for one); Apple and Grape Fruit Bag (medics). 

Snowsports – Although no club at Imperial truly deserves the top prize, Snowsports do deliver consistently one of the greatest weeks of your Imperial careers before retreating to hibernate till next winter: Big Mac(s) for a week.

American Football - Think they’re decent, but only really rated by themselves. Most of the time you look at this (menu) item and think that they just seem a bit out of place. The majority will keep their distance from this one: Any McSalad

Boxing –come across as taking themselves a bit too seriously. This group of wannabe-AJs train hard to be the very best but despite their admirable passion and pursuit for glory, when the dust settles on the Imperial Social scene they are just a tad irrelevant: Fillet O’ Fish 

Athletics: Lean and mean, athletics is a vast club. There’s so many of them it’s hard to keep track (pun very much intended). A generally chill group, not controversial or interesting in any particular way, Athleticists are the neutrals of Sports Night. Hated by no-one but also not overtly loved, it’s safe to say they’re good with everyone and everything: Large fries. 


I’ve been dealing with anxiety and depression for years and it’s a bummer. I think I’ve gotten better this year, but when I see everyone else on my course revising for hours and doing well, it really demotivates me, especially when it’s my mates. 
I keep trying to compare myself to them but I shouldn’t because it’s just not the same. I’ve got to deal with a lot of shit on top of revision. I guess I need to remember that, but I forget and continue to put the same amount of pressure on myself to do well. 
If I’ve made some improvement from previous years, then I guess that’s good enough and I have to keep that in mind. Hope I don’t fail. 

It has become a depressing fact that I now measure money in terms of how many katsu curries it will buy me.

